Oathkeeper (#583)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/technical-reference/05-50-ory-limitations.md

## Resource configuration

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resources of the Ory components are configured differently based on the size of the cluster. Smaller clusters are defined as having less than 5 CPU capability or less than 10 Gi of memory capability, while larger clusters exceed these values.

```

By default, the Ory components' resources have the following configuration for bigger clusters:

| Component          |          | CPU         | Memory |
|--------------------|----------|-------------|--------|
| Oathkeeper         | Limits   | 10 (10000m) | 512Mi  |
| Oathkeeper         | Requests | 100m        | 64Mi   |
| Oathkeeper Maester | Limits   | 400m        | 1Gi    |
| Oathkeeper Maester | Requests | 10m         | 32Mi   |

> For smaller clusters with less then 5 Cpu capability or less then 10 Gi of memory capability, the Ory components' resources have the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default configuration for smaller clusters includes the following settings for the Ory components' resources:
```
